She was carrying a quirt , and she started to raise it , then let it fall again and dangle from her wrist . 

`` I saw your fire , she said , speaking slowly , making an effort to control her anger . `` You could burn down this whole mountainside with a fire that size . It wouldn matter to a fool like you . It would to me . 

`` All right , Wilson said quickly . `` The fire too big . And I appreciate the advice . 

He was losing patience again . An hour before , with the children asleep and nothing but the strange darkness , he would have appreciated company . She had helped him change his mind . 

`` I not advising you , she said . `` I telling you . That fire too big . Let it burn down . And make sure it out when you leave in the morning . 

He was taken aback . It took him a long time to compose himself . 

`` There some mistake , he said finally . `` You e right about the fire . It bigger than it has to be , though I don see where it doing any harm . But you e wrong about the rest of it . I not leaving in the morning . Why should I ? I own the place . 

She showed her surprise by tightening the reins and moving the gelding around so that she could get a better look at his face . It didn seem to tell her anything . She glanced around the clearing , taking in the wagon and the load of supplies and trappings scattered over the ground , the two kids , the whiteface bull that was chewing its cud just within the far reaches of the firelight . She studied it for a long time . Then she turned back to Wilson and smiled , and he wasn quite sure what she meant by it . 

`` You own this place ? She said , and her tone had softened until it was almost friendly . `` You bought it ? 

`` From a man in St . Louis , Wilson said . `` Jake Carwood . Maybe you know him . 

The girl laughed . `` I know him . I ought to . My father ran him off here six years ago . 

Wilson didn say anything . He stood watching the girl , wondering what was coming next . She had picked up the quirt and was twirling it around her wrist and smiling at him . 

`` Carwood didn tell you that , she said . 

`` No , Wilson said . `` But it understandable . It not the kind of thing that a man would be proud of . And it doesn make any difference . He sold me a clear title . I have it with me , right here . If you want to see -- 

`` Never mind , she said sternly . `` It wouldn matter to my father , and not to me . I meant what I said about that fire . Be sure it out when you leave . That all . I l let you go back to doing the dishes now . 

It was meant to insult him , and didn quite succeed . He took the reins just below the bit and held them firmly , and it was his turn to smile now . `` I don mind washing dishes now and then , he said pleasantly . `` It doesn hurt . It might hurt you , though . Somebody might mistake you for a woman . 

He meant to say more , but he never got the chance . She was quick . She brought the quirt down , slashing it across his cheek , and he tried to step back . She swung the quirt again , and this time he caught her wrist and pulled her out of the saddle . 

She came down against him , and he tried to break her fall . He grabbed her by the shoulders and went down on one knee , taking her weight so that some of the wind was driven out of him . It made him a little sick , and he let go of her . He got up slowly , and she was already on her feet , and he stood facing her . He wiped the blood from his cheek . 

`` I ought to -- he said . He was shaking with anger , his breath coming in long , painful gasps . `` That quirt -- I ought to use it on you , where it would do the most good . If you were a man -- 

`` She isn , mister . 

The voice came from behind him , and Wilson turned . The fire had gone down , and the man was only a shadow against the trees . But a moment later he brought his horse forward into the light , and Wilson had a good look at him . He was tall and dark-skinned , a half-breed , Wilson thought . And he was handsome , despite the long thin scar that slanted across his cheek . 

`` She not a man , mister , he said . `` I am . If you e got any ideas . He raised the Winchester and pointed it at Wilson chest . 

`` Put the rifle down , Joseph , the girl said . She seemed irritated . `` I thought I told you to stay home . 

The half-breed eased the Winchester down and rested it across his lap . The scar looked pure white in the half-darkness ; is eyes were black and deep-set , and expressionless . `` You shouldn be riding up here after dark , Judith , he said quietly . `` I can take care of this . It no job for you . 

The girl tapped the quirt impatiently against her knee and glared at him . He took it without flinching . 

`` I said go home , Joseph . You e got no business up here . 

The half-breed didn answer this time . But the scar seemed to pull hard at the corner of his mouth , and his eyes were hurt and angry . It made Wilson wonder . He watched the half-breed as he turned silently . They could hear the pony feet on the dry leaves for a while , then the sound faded out . 

Wilson brushed the dust from his coat . `` Who was that ? He asked . `` Your personal guard ? You e pretty hard on him . 

`` He works for my father , the girl said , and then seemed to change her mind . `` He a friend . His name Joseph Sanchez . Is there anything else you want to know ? 

`` Not now , Wilson said . `` I guess I l find out soon enough . You e got blood on your cheek . Not yours . Mine . It must have got there when you fell against me . 

She wiped it off with the sleeve of her coat . 

`` I l bet that as close as you e been to a man since you were a baby , Wilson said . 

He saw her hand start to work down the leather thong toward the handle of the quirt , and he grabbed her wrist . `` Oh , no , he said , and he was without humor now . `` I e had enough of that . I e had enough of you . I don know what goes on around here , and I don care . I don know what makes you think you can get away with this kind of business , and I don care about that , either . You took me by surprise . But I l know how to handle you next time . 

She brought up her free hand to hit him , but this time he was quicker . He side-stepped her blow and she fell , stumbling against the gelding . She finally regained her balance and got up in the saddle . Her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders , held by the string , and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before . He had forgotten that she was so pretty . But her prettiness was what he had noticed first , and all the other things had come afterward : cruelty , meanness , self-will . He had known women like that , one woman in particular . And one had been too many . He watched the girl until she had gone into the trees , and waited until he couldn hear the sound of her horse any longer , then went up to where the children were sleeping . 

They weren sleeping , of course , but they thought they were doing him a favor by pretending . He hadn shown up too well in their eyes , letting himself be browbeaten by a woman . They expected greater things from him , regardless of how trying the circumstances , and they were disappointed . And determined not to show it . They lay a little too stiffly , with their eyes straining to stay closed . 

`` Go to sleep , he said . `` Both of you . There better things to do than listen to something like that . I l be down at the creek finishing the dishes , if you want me . 

He found the pan where he had dropped it and carried it back down to the stream . The coyote was calling again , and he hoped that this time there would be no other sounds to interrupt it . Not tonight , at any rate . He had a feeling that the girl meant trouble . If she did , he could stand it better in the light . 

He scrubbed absent-mindedly at the pans and reflected on how things had turned out . That afternoon when they had pulled up in front of the broken-down ranch house , his hopes had been high . Already some of the pain had gone from Amelia death . Not all of it . There would still be plenty of moments of regret and sadness and guilty relief . But they were starting a new life . And they had almost everything they needed : land , a house , two whiteface bulls , three horses . 

The land wasn all Wilson had expected of it . Six hundred and forty acres , the old man back in St . Louis had said ; ood grass , good water . Well , the grass was there , though in some places the ground was too steep for a cow to get to it . The water was there , so much of it that it spread all through the dead orchard . And there was a house ; ivable perhaps , but badly in need of repairs . 

In the last analysis , though , Wilson had little cause to complain . The place had been cheap -- just the little he had left after Amelia burial -- and it would serve its purpose . There was only one place where Jake Carwood description had gone badly awry : the peace and quiet . It hadn started out that way . And he had a feeling -- thanks to the girl -- that things would get worse before they got better . 


2 
They had the house cleaned up by noon , and Wilson sent the boy out to the meadow to bring in the horses . He stood on the porch and watched him struggling with the heavy harness , and finally went over to help him . Kathy was already in the wagon . They were going to town , and they were both excited . 

Wilson backed the team into the traces , and wished they weren going to town at all . He had an uneasy feeling about it . That girl last night , what was her name ? Judith Pierce . It was the only thing about her that was the least bit hard to remember . 

He finished with the team and filled his pipe and stood looking about him . He had spent two hours riding around the ranch that morning , and in broad daylight it was even less inviting than Judith Pierce had made it seem . There was brush , and stands of pine that no grass could grow under , and places so steep that cattle wouldn stop to graze . But there was water . There was an artificial lake just out of sight in the first stand of trees , fed by a half dozen springs that popped out of the ground above the hillside orchard . Yes , there was plenty of water , too much , and that was probably the trouble . There were tracks of cattle all over his six hundred and forty acres . 

The first part of the road was steep , but it leveled off after the second bend and curled gradually into the valley . It was hotter once they reached the flat , and drier , but the grass was better . A warm breeze played across it , moving it like waves . A red-tailed hawk flew in behind them and stayed there , watching for any snakes or rabbits that they might stir up from the side of the road . It took them an hour before they came to the first houses of Kelseyville . 

The town was about what Wilson expected : one main street with its rows of false-fronted buildings , a water tower , a few warehouses , a single hotel ; ll dusty and sunbaked . The place was quiet . 
