

When several minutes had passed and Curt hadn emerged from the livery stable , Brenner reentered the hotel and faced Summers across the counter . 

`` I have a little job for you , Charlie . I sure you won mind doing me a small favor . 

Brenner voice was oily , but Summers wasn fooled . He moistened his lips uneasily . 

`` What is it you want me to do , Mr . Brenner ? 

Brenner shrugged carelessly . 

`` It very simple . I just want you to take a message to Diane Molinari . Tell her to come here to the hotel . 

Vastly relieved , Summers nodded and started toward the door . 

`` One thing , Summers , Brenner said . `` You e not to mention my name . Tell her Curt Adams wants to see her . 

Summers pulled up short , and turned around . 

`` I don know , Mr . Brenner , he said haltingly , beginning to get an inkling of Brenner plans . `` It doesn seem quite right , telling her a thing like that . Couldn I just -- His voice trailed off into silence . 

Brenner continued to smile , but his eyes were cold . He turned and looked around at the lobby as though seeing things he hadn before noticed . 

`` You know , Summers , he said thoughtfully . `` Eagle Nest ought to have a fire company . If someone were to drop a match in here , this place would go up like a haystack . He started toward the stairway , then turned to add , `` Tell her to come to Adams room , that Adams is in trouble . Tell her to hurry . 

`` Yes sir . His face pale , Summers headed for the street . 



Curt visit to the livery stable had been merely a precaution in case anyone should be watching . He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 

The fact that Jess horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that Diane information had been wrong , but Curt didn interpret it this way . A man like Jess would want to have a ready means of escape in case it was needed . Probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding . 

From the back of the barn it was a simple matter to reach Black house without using the street . Curt approached the place cautiously , and watched it several minutes from the protection of a grove of trees . 

There was a light in Black front room , but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior . Curt circled the house and located a barn out back . He could hear horses moving around inside , and nothing else . There was no lock on the door , only an iron hook which he unfastened . He opened the door and went in , pulling it shut behind him . 

Again he stood in the darkness listening , but there was only the scrape of a shod hoof on a plank floor . He moved ahead carefully , his left hand in front of him , and came to a wooden partition . Horse smell was very strong , and he could hear the crunch of grain being ground between strong jaws . He found a match in his pocket and lit it . 

There were two horses in the barn , a sway-backed dun and Jess Crouch buckskin . Curt snuffed out the match . 

It was certain now that Jess was in the house , but also , presumably , was Stacey Black . Curt wanted to get Jess alone , without interference from anyone , even as spineless a person as the store owner . 

He studied the problem for a few seconds and thought of a means by which it might be solved . Reaching across the side of the stall , he slapped the buckskin on the rump . The startled animal let out a terrified squeal and thrashed around in the stall . 

As Curt had hoped , the house door banged open . He slapped the buckskin again and it kicked wildly , its hoofs rattling the side of the stall . 

Curt moved over beside the door and waited . Presently he heard footsteps crossing the yard , and Jess smothered curses . The door swung open , and Jess said sourly , `` What the hell the matter with you ? 

The horse continued to snort . Curt doubted that any animal belonging to Jess would find much reassurance in its owner voice . 

Jess cursed again , and entered the barn . A match flared , and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop . As he crossed to the side of the stall , Curt drew his gun and clicked back the hammer . 

`` Before you try anything , he said . `` Remember what happened to Gruller . 

Jess caught his breath in surprise . He started to reach for his gun , but apparently thought better of it . 

`` That the stuff , Curt said . `` Just hold it that way . He reached out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt . `` You and I have a little talking to do , Jess . You won be needing this . He moved up and lifted Jess pistol out of its holster . 

`` Damn you , Adams -- Jess was beginning to recover from his initial shock . `` We ain got nothing to talk about . If I don come back in the house , Breed going to -- 

`` Your trigger-happy brother isn in the house . About now he probably having supper . That long ride the four of you took must e given him a good appetite . Now turn around so I can see your face . 

Jess turned . There was raw fury in his eyes , and the veins of his neck were swollen . 

`` You e about as dumb as they come , Adams . I don know what you e up to , but when Brenner -- 

`` You can forget about Brenner , too , Curt said . `` It Ben Arbuckle we e going to talk about . 

`` Arbuckle ? Jess stiffened . `` I don know nothin ' about him . 

`` No ? I suppose you don know anything about a piece of two-by-four , either ; ne with blood all over it , Arbuckle blood . Curt fingers put a little more pressure on the trigger of his gun . `` So help me , Crouch , I like to kill you where you stand , but , before I do , I going to hear you admit killing him . Now start talking . Who told you to do it ? Was it Dutch Brenner ? 

Curt was holding Jess gun in his left hand . He drew back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across Jess face , but didn finish the motion . Pistol-whipping an unarmed man might come easy to someone like Jess , but Curt couldn bring himself to do it . 

Apparently sensing this , and realizing that it gave him an advantage , Jess became bold . 

`` Having all the guns makes you a big man , don it , Adams ? If we was both armed , you wouldn talk so tough . 

`` No ? Curt reached out and dropped Jess pistol back into the holster . He retreated a step and holstered his own . 

`` All right , Crouch ; e e on even terms . Now draw ! 

Sweat bubbled out on Jess swarthy face . The fingers of his right hand twisted into a claw , but he didn reach for the gun . 

Curt , angry enough to be a little reckless , raised his hands shoulder high . 

`` Does this make it any easier , coward ? 

`` I ain drawin ' against you , Jess said thickly . `` I heard how you outdrew Chico . I ain a gunslinger . 

`` No . You e the kind of bastard who sneaks up on a man from behind and hits him with a club . I just wanted to hear you say so . 

Jess stared at him without answering and let his hands fall to his sides . He had found Curt weakness , or what to Jess was a weakness , and was smart enough to take advantage of it . 

Somewhere in the distance , a woman screamed . Curt was too involved in his own problems to pay much attention . He had to make Jess talk , and he had to do it before Stacey Black got curious and came to investigate . Once more he lifted Jess gun from its holster , only this time he tossed it into the stall with the frightened buckskin . He dropped his own beside it . 

`` We l do it another way , then , he said harshly . 

Jess coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by Curt fist . With a roar of pain and fury Jess made his attack . 

Curt managed to duck beneath the man flailing fist , and drove home a solid left to Jess mid-section . It was like hitting a sack of salt . Pain shot up Curt arm clear to the shoulder , but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit . He slammed into the wall , bounced back , and caught Curt with a roundhouse right which sent him spinning . An inch lower and it would have knocked him out . As it was , his vision blurred and for a moment he was unable to move . When his eyes began to focus , he saw Jess charging at him with a pitchfork . 

Curt twisted to one side , and the tines of the fork bit into the floor . Jess wasted a few seconds trying to yank them loose . It gave Curt time to stagger to his feet . 

The tines broke off under Jess twisting , and he swung the handle in an attempt to knock Curt brains out . His aim was hurried ; o the pitchfork whistled over Curt head . 

By now Curt was seeing clearly again . He stepped inside Jess guard and landed two blows to the big man belly , putting everything he had behind them . They made Jess double over . When his head came down , Curt grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall . 

The building shook , setting the lantern to swaying , and the buckskin to pitching again . Even Black old crowbait began to snort , and from the house Black yelled , `` Jess ! What going on out there ? 

Jess didn seem too sure himself . He lurched drunkenly to his feet , lowered his head , and took one step away from the wall . Curt caught him flush on the nose with a blow which started at the floor . 

Jess had had enough . Blood gushed from his nose , and he backed off as rapidly as he could , stumbling over his own feet in his frantic haste to get away from Curt fists . 

Curt was in almost as bad shape , but he wouldn quit . He backed Jess into a corner , grabbed a handful of the man shirtfront , and drew back his right fist . 

`` Tell me about Arbuckle ! You killed him , didn you ? 

`` It was Brenner idea , Jess mumbled , dabbing at his nose . `` He found out about you and Arbuckle talking . He wanted to show the town what happened to anyone who tried to start trouble . 

`` You mean anyone who stood up for his rights , Curt said . He let go of the shirt , and Jess slumped to the floor . Turning his back , Curt crossed to the stall , reached over to untie the buckskin halter rope , and waved his hand in the animal face . 

The buckskin bolted out of the stall . Curt moved in and picked up his gun . He shook loose straw out of the action , and placed the gun in his holster . Leaving Jess where it lay , he left the stall . 

`` Get up , Crouch . We e going someplace . 

Jess painfully got to his feet as someone rattled the door . 

`` Who in there ? Black called fearfully . 

Curt opened the door , grabbed Black by the shoulder , and pulled him into the barn . 

`` You e staying right here for a while . This dirty coward just admitted killing Arbuckle . I going to let him tell it to somebody else . He shoved Black toward the stall , and pointed his pistol at Jess . 

`` Get out of here . You e coming along peacefully , or I l put a bullet in your leg . 

Jess stumbled through the door . Curt followed , reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it . Black would have little trouble getting out , but it might delay him a few minutes . 

`` Where e you takin ' me ? Jess asked worriedly . 

`` We e going to Marshal Woods house . Maybe if the marshal hears this himself , it l make a difference . Somebody in this town must still have some backbone . 
